---
title: Lesson 1
layout: post
author: mygithub112
permalink: /lesson-1/
source-id: 12EXdKIITsMxmJmTWgEXsRRCD3Lna2_9bksxbFYZtNDA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 1 - Experimenting </td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>16/1/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To experiment with a fuse box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To begin to experiment with a fuse box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, we successfully made some of our code work, e.g hello world.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by trial and error with my friend. We are fairly new to coding so we had a booklet for guidance to learn simple commands, and actually get the code to do something that you wanted. I think a bit of teamwork and using my reading skills, is a very effective way of learning, and it is great way to learn something new. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think working with a partner limited my learning slightly due to us sharing the work. Also capital letter and misspelling words hindered us quite a bit, because with coding you have to be very precise when you type and the computer picks up on very small mistakes.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I need to take my time a bit more so I can get more done because last time I wondered why it wasn't working but it was just a simple spelling mistake so I think I should have got more done. I also think I should read through the book more thoroughly so I can understand more code and begin to improve my work and my own code in the future. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


