---
title: Lesson 10
layout: post
author: mygithub112
permalink: /lesson-10/
source-id: 1i5ZhFLc4CumAzQ6HjlaRb8T1CSP1Ft0gY9IrDTe2Feg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>1st Lesson of Codecadamy - Lesson 10</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>24/4/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To complete the first tutorials on codecadamey</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete 25 tutorials by the end of the lesson</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes I successfully completed 25 tutorials by the end of this lesson</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today's lesson was very much about reading, because this is the first time I have coded python and couldn’t really use much of my previous knowledge to help me. Sometimes I had to read the paragraph twice fully understand the what it was trying to get at. Also it helped working with my friend Nik (his blog: https://theipod3339.github.io/) with two people it definitely works much better. Also we are very similar standards at coding when it comes to python so we made a good team and got a lot done in the hour we had to it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that I worked really well in today’s lesson getting a lot of work done and I really think that I couldn’t have worked more efficiently. Overall I was really pleased with how I worked today and I think it reflected how much work I got done in the lesson.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that I could improve my learning my going into greater depth in my learning my researching of my own back what different pieces of code means. But overall in today’s lesson I don’t think that I could have improved much, and I am happed with the amount of work I have done and how the lesson went.

Codecadamy link: https://www.codecademy.com/</td>
  </tr>
</table>


