---
title: Lesson 5
layout: post
author: mygithub112
permalink: /lesson-5/
source-id: 19m7z87BahV5-8UBHH-LIXd9Xj5lamkjithsawW0eydA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 5 - Beginning to use LEDs</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>27/2/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To work out how to turn the LED on</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a flashing LED</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, I did reach my at the end of the lesson</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today was all about trial and error, and also analysing the pictures we were given to copy of. The reason why trial and error was so useful today is because the pictures weren't very clear. So that meant when we first tried to copy the picture it was wrong so we tried again etc. The reason why analysing the pictures was so important was because they weren’t exact copies, meaning we had to look that extra bit harder.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>First of all I had an orthodontist appointment, meaning I missed the first half and hour of the lesson, this hindered the amount of work I could have done. But other than that we knuckled down and got a lot of work done, completing all the written code and now onto the LEDs which, we did complete the first task.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For of all, I will try and get my mum to book an appointment on a day different day (just a joke). But I do think if we initially analysed the pictures in greater depth, we probably could have got more work done. I honestly think that was all that I had to improve this lesson, as we did get a lot done and worked very hard. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


