---
title: Lesson 2
layout: post
author: mygithub112
permalink: /lesson-2/
source-id: 1TcTxP9I-9z7vNF6EUgeOUQTbf1rdn3mqURyjfvqLiMM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>23/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Transfer last lessons information into this lesson</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To continue completing the code in the booklet.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes me and my partner completed the code in the booklets, they all worked really well.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Working as a team is a very effective strategy when it comes to working out new code. Also I think the most effective strategy is experimenting, even though we were just copying out of booklet, it didn't always work so we did have to use our brains to work out code, sometimes it was quite difficult.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was just trying to get through the booklet most of the time and did not stop to make sure I understood what I was typing. I should have stopped, checked and tried my own bits of code so that I knew what I was doing. This would definitely help when we try typing in our own code to create something.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I will improve how I approached the lesson, because my partner was being a bit silly this lesson. So be a bit more focused. Other than that we worked really well and got a lot of work done, most of our code worked and we were both pretty happy with ourselves. I think that if we were slightly quicker and goth the code done first time we would have got even more Dione than we actually did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


