---
title: Lesson 3
layout: post
author: mygithub112
permalink: /lesson-3/
source-id: 1VK5SrAKFgYBV2dGF-1VdeoKgLpefGXBGBeLJb-USIUU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 3 - Making a conversation </td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>6/2/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Try and create some successful code</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To try and create code which you can use and works well.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes are code did work and we did create a conversation with it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Today we were working in pairs and copying code out of a booklet. When we read through the booklet it explained what every part of the code was actually doing, so we were actually getting something out of what we were doing. Also as we were in pairs one of us did the explaining whilst the other actually wrote the code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that me and my partner were definitely slow at starting this lesson. This means that we didn't get enough work done than we actually could, meaning we didn’t learn as much. Also we were rushing, again, that meant that we kept having to go back and check our work to see what the problem was. Also we accidently missed out a piece of code so we couldn’t figure out what was wrong but it was something as simple as that.  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next I will be more efficient with my work, and get things right first time, so we can get more done in our one hour time limit. Also next time I think I will be doing more of the typing so that we can get more work done because I am a slightly faster at typing and don’t make as many mistakes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


