---
title: Lesson 4
layout: post
author: mygithub112
permalink: /lesson-4/
source-id: 1jjheER7LWPwgR1_10PuJFoafCGlCwHeG1zHW37WbPoY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 4 - Creating a random number game</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/2/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To get as far through the booklet as possible</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get as much work done as possible</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes we got through a lot of work today completing two pieces of code which successfully worked.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I mainly learnt from the booklet this lesson, as I read through it thoroughly before I copy it onto our computer. I don't find just copying code of of a workbook is the most effective way to learn, because sometimes you just copy the work down without knowing what it is actually doing. I think it would be more effective if we created our own code and refer back to the book for help. I think the reason why it is more effective is because it is making us think more than we are currently.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think working with a partner limited my learning slightly due to us sharing the work. Also capital letter and misspelling words hindered us quite a bit, because with coding you have to be very precise when you type and the computer picks up on very small mistakes.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next I will be more efficient with my work, and get things right first time, so we can get more done in our one hour time limit. Also next time I think I will be doing more of the typing so that we can get more work done because I am a slightly faster at typing and don’t make as many mistakes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


