---
title: Lesson 9
layout: post
author: mygithub112
permalink: /lesson-9/
source-id: 1IhaQH7oxBngAiYvj6XUzAb2fy2MhearsOGg1gjD3Oqc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 9 - Robot Arm Inc. Video</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>27/3/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To have the robot following its set commands</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a piece of evidence of our work (video)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, we created a video and had a successful robot arm</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today we were working with other groups and by doing this we could create a cooler looking video, because we had two arms. My video at the bottom of the screen shows two angles of the robot arm in action. We also have some time-lapses of us picking up objects i.e a glue stick.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think it was hard to work because there were too many chairs around my workspace which made me feel clustered, and as well as that it was really hot which meant I couldn't work to my full potential,</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I will improve how I approached the lesson, because my partner was being a bit silly this lesson. So be a bit more focused. Other than that we worked really well and got a lot of work done, most of our code worked and we were both pretty happy with ourselves. I think that if we were slightly quicker and goth the code done first time we would have got even more Dione than we actually did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<iframe width="360" height="180" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/e7dhv4nK1Rs" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<iframe width="360" height="180" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Er9NhIfOZXA" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<script async src="//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<script>
  (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({
    google_ad_client: "ca-pub-6024711167819991",
    enable_page_level_ads: true
  });
</script>
