---
title: Lesson 7
layout: post
author: mygithub112
permalink: /lesson-7/
source-id: 18adQGCZNDFe8lK6qRBi8lraQAveKjZFYc70JRjNC79Q
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 7 - Making Lights Flash (again)</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/3/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Make a LED flash</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have as many lights flashing as possible</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, we got as many as I think I could do in the lesson (1 hour)</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think working as a team was very useful for this lesson, because now we our on LEDs which are quite complicated if you don't get it spot on. For example if the resistor is one space off the LED won't flash. Also working with completely other groups for a range of ideas is very effective. The reason why is some people are at different stages, meaning that we would get through the exercises quicker than normal.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was just trying to get through the booklet most of the time and did not stop to make sure I understood what I was typing. I should have stopped, checked and tried my own bits of code so that I knew what I was doing. This would definitely help when we try typing in our own code to create something.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I will improve how I approached the lesson, because my partner was being a bit silly this lesson. So be a bit more focused. Other than that we worked really well and got a lot of work done, most of our code worked and we were both pretty happy with ourselves. I think that if we were slightly quicker and goth the code done first time we would have got even more Dione than we actually did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


