---
title: Lesson 8
layout: post
author: mygithub112
permalink: /lesson-8/
source-id: 1vKSqB2_6nKVtlgRGPMdVxp1FFD4-QRdu148i7DPrRig
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 8 - The Robotic Arm</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/03/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To have successful code, so your robotic arm moves around</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a fully functioning robotic arm</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes we had a fully functioning robotic arm, it could pick up objects, and we even tried to make it draw something!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>To today was just knuckling down getting the masses of code written, because if you were silly or mucked about the lesson would become tedious, and you would be unable to actually play with your functioning robotic arm. Also teamwork was key this lesson, because if you argued it wouldn't work at all but if you worked together it would make it much easier. Also a bit of pure revision of the commands would as you would not have to keep referring back to the booklet, which would waste a lot of time. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think it was hard to work because there were too many chairs around my workspace which made me feel clustered, and as well as that it was really hot which meant I couldn't work to my full potential.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next I will be more efficient with my work, and get things right first time, so we can get more done in our one hour time limit. Also next time I think I will be doing more of the typing so that we can get more work done because I am a slightly faster at typing and don’t make as many mistakes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


